Add core concepts to docs (#600)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/core-concepts/index.md

# Core Concepts

These are some of the core concepts that you should be familiar with before going over the [Getting Started Guide](get-started/index.md).

> 1. **Git Source**

Reviewer: Instead of making this a list, I would use titles (e.g. `## Git Source`) so that it possible to link to them using an anchor.

Author: Done!

# Core Concepts

These are some of the core concepts that you should be familiar with before going over the [Getting Started Guide](get-started/index.md).

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## GitOps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitOps

```

> ### **Git Source**

Reviewer: This should really be `##`. HTML `h*` tags define nesting, and there can thus not be a `h3` without a higher level `h2`.

GitOps is a way of managing your infrastructure and applications so that whole system is describe declaratively and version controlled(most likely in a git repository), and having an automated process that ensure that the deployed environment matches the state specified in a repository.

For more information, take a look at [this documentation](https://gitops-community.github.io/kit/#what-is-gitops).

## Git Source
The git source represents a git repository in Flux.

For more information, take a look at [this documentation](components/source/gitrepositories.md)

## Kustomization

> The kustomization represents an application that Flux is supposed to reconcile in the cluster. It specifies a path in the git repository containing the `kustomization.yaml` for the application. If the repository contains only plain kubernetes manifests, a `kustomization.yaml` is generated for you. If there are non-kubernetes related files or manifest that you don't want to apply to the cluster, you can exclude it under the `spec.ignore` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kustomization represents an local set of Kubernetes resources that Flux is supposed to reconcile in the cluster. [...]
```

I think the

> It specifies a path in the Git repository containing the `kustomization.yaml` for the application. If the repository contains only plain kubernetes manifests, a `kustomization.yaml` is generated for you. If there are non-kubernetes related files or manifest that you don't want to apply to the cluster, you can exclude it under the `spec.ignore` fields.

bit is technical information and the core concept. Instead, part of the information from "reconciliation" below can be moved here to describe the abstract.

> Reconcilation refers to ensuring the state(different resources e.g deployments) of a particular application(represented by a kustomization) in the cluster matches the state defined in a git repository. It performs this reconciliation every thirty seconds by default but this can be specified in the kustomization. If you make any changes to the cluster using `kubectl edit` or `kubectl patch`, it will be promptly reverted. You either suspend the reconciliation or push your changes to a git repository.

Reviewer 2: The default reconciliation time is 1m when generating the Kustomization with `flux` CLI.

For more information, take a look at [this documentation](components/kustomize/kustomization.md#reconciliation)

> ### **GitOps**

Reviewer 2: I think this should go first, also please don't use bold for titles.

Reconcilation refers to ensuring the state(different resources e.g deployments) of a particular application(represented by a kustomization) in the cluster matches the state defined in a git repository. It performs this reconciliation every one minute by default but this can be specified in the kustomization. If you make any changes to the cluster using `kubectl edit` or `kubectl patch`, it will be promptly reverted. You either suspend the reconciliation or push your changes to a git repository.

For more information, take a look at [this documentation](components/kustomize/kustomization.md#reconciliation)

> ## Bootstrap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bootstrap

```

> The process of installing the Flux components in a complete GitOps way is called a bootstrap. The manifests are applied to the cluster, a git source and kustomization is created for the Flux component and the manifest are pushed to an existing git repository(or a new one is created). Flux can manage itself jst as it manages other applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of installing the Flux components in a complete GitOps way is called a bootstrap. The manifests are applied to the cluster, a `GitRepository` source and `Kustomization` are created for the Flux components and the manifests are pushed to an existing Git repository (or a new one is created). Flux can manage itself just as it manages other resources.
```

NB: the `flux bootstrap` command also supports [component upgrades](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/guides/installation/#bootstrap-upgrade).

> The bootstrap is done using the flux CLI `flux bootstrap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bootstrap is done using the Flux CLI `flux bootstrap`.
```

or

```suggestion
The bootstrap is done using the `flux` CLI `flux bootstrap`.
```

I would maybe also include a link to the `flux bootstrap` documentation page.

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
